Hey, everyone! It's me, the modern-day Messiah, Kizuna Ai!
Today, I'll be talking about that thing everyone might have forgotten about.
You know, that thing from kindergarten.
Do you guys remember from a few episodes back?
The one where I did Brainwars.
Well, I mentioned something like this.
"Well, you know. Just in case, you know, like the one-in-a-million chance that I lose,
I'll instead show you guys this new thing I've been working on.
It's a special, just for you guys!
Well, I said that but I did win, right?
I did win.
But... I'll do it anyway
You know, I've been working on this new thing for a while now.
I mean, I did practice it, after all.
And thinking of new material for this channel...
It's not exactly easy, you know!
And thus, the youtuber's enigma gains depth
*slice*
Anyway, it's about that time of the year where people like to party and do banquets.
For those of you that have some seniors that might not be the most considerate
and tell you to "liven the place up" during some gathering, this is for you!
I'm hoping that you'll remember this video!
With this video, everyone'll have an act up their sleeve for the new years party!
Get it!
You might think this is super lame or that it's not right for you...
None of that matters!
'Kay, oppappi! (Kojima Yoshio's catchphrase)
Starting to get warmed up?
We're still just getting started!
This was a response on Yahoo Answers to
"What's the lamest way to confess my love?"
It went something like this.
Your eyes...
They're reflecting a man that's drowning in love.
You know...
The only person that can save him...
Is you.
That just gave me diabetes!
Anyway, moving onto my main topic!
Jokes that will get people laughing around the world!
Hello! It's me, Kizuna of the World!
I'll now start counting from one, but act crazy whenever I get to a multiple of three or a number with three. (A famous gag by Katsura Sando)
One! Two! Three!
Four! Five! Six!!
Seven! Eight! Nine!!
(Continues counting)
Twenty-three!! Twenty-four... Twenty-five!!
Wait...
But anyway, I'm sure you guys can do this, too!
Involve everybody around you! Spice up the atmosphere!
And now for my last act...
Like I promised earlier in the video, I have something I've been practicing for everyone!
Please listen!
I'll give you a special soup~
It's warm!
It's got the aspirations deep within my heart mixed in!
Everyone's smiles are as radiant as the sun for me
I hope everyone keeps me company for a long time~
And with that, everyone's year-end party should be a breeze!
What's going to be a breeze, you ask?
I mean, doesn't being this prepared give you confidence?
It's important to just do it!
Your spirit is what's important!
It's a beautiful sight to watch someone give it their all!
It is cold nowadays, so make sure to not catch a cold!
Bye-bye!